Another type of family expression is the link expression.
A variable expression executes on a model attribute in some way.
After binding an object, a selection expression can select one of its fields.
And a link expression specifies a URL endpoint or a path to a resource.
In this lesson, you will use a link expression.
The stylesheet is going to contain all of your CSS.
The stylesheet contains all of your CSS code and as we slowly start templating using, finally the CSS
code really stands in the way.
The purpose of CSS is to style your web page, but as backend developers, we don't really care about
styling font sizes or colors.
CSS falls within the realm of a front end developer's job.
And if you recall, the static folder is a folder that contains static web content such as images,
logos, and in this case it's going to contain some CSS files.
So inside static, what we're going to do is create two style sheets, one for the grades page that
I'm going to call grades style sheet, dot CSS.
And I will create another stylesheet for the form form stylesheet dot CSS.
And now what I can do is remove all of the CSS code from the forum page.
I can remove the following element and paste it inside a form stylesheet.
And I will do the same thing for the grades.
HTML.
CSS.
Remove all of this.
Remove the style element.
And place it inside of grade style sheet.
Now, if I were to actually run the application, I don't know why I stopped it.
If you view the app.
An application looks pretty ugly without any success.
So what we need to do is, quote unquote link each timely template to its respective stylesheet.
And if you were to take a look at the HTML cheat sheet, I will scroll to the link tag.
What this does is it links the current document to an external resource and the belief a ref attribute
when used inside of a link element.
What it's going to do is look inside the static folder for an external resource and it uses a link expression
to specify a path to that resource, and REL specifies a relationship between the document and the external
resource.
In this case, the relationship is going to be stylesheet.
So what I'm going to do is in accordance with the.
A cheat sheet, I'll create a link element.
We will use the final leaf attribute h ref and we're going to set it equal to a link expression, which
is an add symbol followed by brackets.
And here you would specify usually either a URL endpoint or a path to a resource.
Given this context, we're specifying a path to a resource.
The path is going to automatically start at static.
So we can just say here, grades, stylesheet, CSS.
And now if I were to refresh.
Oh, I forgot to specify their relationship, which is stylesheet.
This was also in our cheat sheet.
So now if I were to go back.
And beautiful.
It successfully applies CSS styling to our HTML web page.
We don't have a handler method set up for the form web page just yet, but that's not stopping us from
just taking care of that right now for later.
So we will link this HTML document to the form stylesheet using our link expression.
Nice.
Now you'll notice the link expression no matter what it specifies a URL endpoint or a path, and that's
totally dependent on how you're using it.
So if it's used in tandem with a final leaf action attribute, then it's going to be a URL endpoint.
Just for example, if it's used inside of an anchor tag, then it's also going to be a URL endpoint.
In this case, we're specifying a path, so it really just depends on the context.
To recap, you linked each HTML template to a stylesheet.
You have now looked at three types of family expressions.
There is the variable expression which executes on your model attribute in some way the selection expression,
which works in the sense that after binding an object, you can select one of its fields.
And the link expression is a an expression that specifies a URL, end point or a path to a resource.
That's really it.